Issues/9 (#33)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/parser.mdx

[Bash docs]: https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Programmable-Completion.html
[Gestalt algorithm]: https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Gestalt_pattern_matching

### Process title

The process title will be updated to reflect the current command being executed. This includes the
main script and any nested commands. For example, if the command-line is:

```sh
./path/to/myscript.js -flag0 cmd1 -flag1 cmd2 args...
```

The process title would be updated in the following way:

1. `node` - this the starting title, before any update
2. `node myscript.js` - the title at the beginning of the parsing loop
3. `node myscript.js cmd1` - the title at the start of the `cmd1` command
4. `node myscript.js cmd1 cmd2` - the title at the start of the `cmd2` command

> The title will remain this way after the parser returns. Other option names are not used, because

Author: ```suggestion
The title will remain unchanged after the parser returns. Other option names are not used, because
```
